-Hello, I'm Pattarapol.
Today, I want to talk
about Spacemesh,
which is an up-and-coming testnet.
It is currently trendy
because it is a testnet
that addresses
the problems of the blockchain world
using new concepts.
After trying out the testnet
and studying the various
concepts of Spacemesh,
I feel that Spacemesh is likely
to experience further growth
in the future
and it will revolutionize
the blockchain industry as well.
One thing that I like
about Spacemesh is that
Spacemesh provides the opportunity
for people all over the world
to join the project
and become part of the solution.
Very simply,
by using their PC
or any computer resources
that they have,
no matter how much or how little,
they can participate as well.
This is the key that will empower
everyone to enter this industry.
Anyway, if you're interested,
don't forget to follow Spacemesh.